Open the IT and Support module and look at the left rail.
p02
Two groups organize it.
p03
Support sits at the top, holding the tickets, the help desk, and the alerts you work every day.
p04
Audit sits underneath, for the history questions.
p05
Today, two of those Support entries are the whole job.
p06
Let's find them.
p07
First, the Knowledge Base.
p08
It's in the Support group, tucked between the help desk and the alerts.
p09
Picture it as the team's memory.
p10
A tech works out a fix, writes it down once, and from then on the answer is a search away.
p11
Nobody has to solve the same problem from scratch a second time.
p12
Open it.
p13
Here's the honest part of this lesson.
p14
On the day we verified, the page did not load.
p15
It came back with a plain not-found error, a four oh four, and nothing else on the screen.
p16
So the article list, the way it's organized, the write-ups themselves,
p17
none of that can be shown to you yet.
p18
This is the reflex worth building.
p19
A page is missing, you record exactly that, and you flag it.
p20
You never paint in the blank from memory.
p21
Once it does render, here's why it earns your time.
p22
The Knowledge Base is where the how-to and troubleshooting write-ups live.
p23
The team norm is simple: close a ticket that taught you something reusable,
p24
and you document it here before you move on.
p25
The next tech inherits the answer in seconds instead of retracing your whole afternoon.
p26
Back to the rail.
p27
Find Training Requests, just under System Alerts.
p28
This is the client-training pipeline.
p29
Your team files into it and works out of it, so it runs in both directions.
p30
Open it.
p31
Same story as before.
p32
On verification day it returned the same not-found error and did not render.
p33
The counts, the request types, the columns, all parked until a live pass can confirm them.
p34
So you do the same thing you did a moment ago.
p35
Record the missing page.
p36
Resist the urge to rebuild it from an old screenshot in your head.
p37
What it's for, so you're ready when it comes back.
p38
Training Requests follows a client's ask from the first request,
p39
through scheduling, to a session that's actually done.
p40
You'll use it two ways.
p41
You file a request when a site asks for training,
p42
and you pick requests up when it's your turn to deliver.
p43
Now glance back at the header.
p44
Search and Ask Shyne stay pinned up here on every page.
p45
That matters most on a day exactly like this one.
p46
When a page won't open, control K still jumps you anywhere in the platform,
p47
and Shyne can answer a plain question while the page is down.
p48
One rule holds: confirm whatever Shyne tells you before you act on it.
p49
So, the recap.
p50
Knowledge Base and Training Requests both live right here, under Support, inside IT and Support.
p51
Today both came back empty, a four oh four, so their contents stay parked.
p52
The lesson was never the page you couldn't see.
p53
It's the habit underneath it.
p54
Find the destination, read its real state, and when it's missing, report it instead of guessing.
p55
That reflex is what keeps this training honest.